Hi and welcome back.
So let's jump right into the name topples the modification and the extension of named offals of course
when I say modifying and extending named topples I'm not talking about mutating the name table.
We can't because it's immutable.
Instead what we're doing is just like with strings we're essentially creating new name topples.
Either the class or name Papel itself based off another existing name topple either the class or the
instance.
So let's see how we might go about doing that.
Let's go ahead and create a pointer to the name of pulque.
So let's create it.
All I have to import.
So from collections import named Toppo and then let's create it.
So point to the right type equals named top will point to the prefer single quotes to double quotes.
And we just really want two fields in the specs and one.
OK.
So now we have a point to the class.
Essentially that's been generated by name topple.
Now we can go ahead and create an instance of that class by just calling the class and passing the values
we want let's say 10 and 20.
So now we have that point.
Now we know that we can recover the item let's say at index 0 which is the x k we can also do it as
T-Dog x.
But of course we cannot say that X equals 100 because the name table is immutable.
And of course we can't do this either because we're just accessing again the underlying topple.
We can modify it so we can't do that.
Instead what we can do is we can create a new name for instance a point to the instance based of the
previous one.
So in this case let's say I just want to modify the x parameter.
I want the x value to become a hundred.
So I would have to create a new point to D.
And I would have to pass it 100.
And I want to however preserve the y coordinates so I'm going to use whatever the Y code is currently
for Peetie and then I'm going to assign that to P-T itself.
Now before I do that let me just show you what the ID is of point.
OK so that's the ID that's the memory address.
Now we execute this line and Peetie now is different right.
It's changed now it's 100 comma 20 but in fact what happened is that the point itself has changed.
So the memory address that Peetie was was pointing to was was referencing has changed.
It's not the same.
So it's just like with strings like if we have let's say as equals Python.
OK then we have the idea s that some memory address if we say x plus equals groks OK something like
this.
Then of course as now looks like Python rocks but we haven't actually mutated as.
What's happened is that the memory address of S has changed.
Right.
Here's what it was.
Here's what it is.
So we can certainly use this approach if you have a relatively simple name top.
But what happens when you have a longer one.
Let's go back to our stock example.
So let's create a named top hole and it's going to be a stock that's the name of the class and we're
going to have the symbol the huge the long the day the open the high the low and the close.
OK.
So this is on the table.
And now let's go ahead and create an instance of that.
And I'm just going to copy paste it from my notes and I'm going to cheat.
So here's our name total.
OK.
And let's say that we want to change some value in there.
Let's say it's the close.
Now we can certainly go ahead and basically do the same technique that we did over here.
But it's going to be a little bit more lengthy.
Right.
We don't have to say it's a stock and then we're going to take the existing Singo and the existing years
and the existing month et cetera.
You get the picture the day I'll continue on the next line where the symbol the year of the month the
day we need the open we need the high we need the low.
And finally we can replace it with something else we can replace the clause with something else.
So we do that.
See I even have a syntax error somewhere.
I have a problem because I don't have a comma there.
OK.
There we go.
So as you see it's a lot of typing and you can make mistakes when you type the less you type the less
mistakes you make.
So there we go.
We have now the DJIA is now been changed modified.
But of course it hasn't.
The pointer of that DJIA basically was is now a different object in memory.
It looks like it's change but it's just the reference that has changed.
It's changed to a new object which was a copy essentially of the previous one but we just modified one
of the fields in there.
So that's kind of unwieldy.
There's got to be a better way to do that so we could try by extracting the data using either unpacking
or using slices from our original stock symbol.
So I'll keep DJI it's got a thousand right now.
And let's say I want to take this and change the clothes back to 26 393.
So one way of doing it using unpacking Let's do that first time I try something like this I might say
store values karma close equals DJIA.
So now what do we have.
Well the values have all the values up to and including the low the 26 to 60 right this low over here.
And then the close of course is I type it type it is 1000 and that's when we're going to ignore.
So typically when we ignore value we'll write an underscore just to indicate that I'm ignoring this
value and throwing it away.
But I'm still using extended unpacking to unpack the bags.
So now I have that I don't have clothes.
So now that I have these values in this list that I got by unpacking I can append essentially my new
clothes to that list.
So there's different ways I can do it either I can go ahead and say values clause and then the list
item for example 26 3 9 3.
I can do it that way or better.
I can just append because the list is mutable.
So I can append this value.
And now if I look at values while it has now everything I need plus now that close again that's been
replaced essentially.
Now that I have those values I can go ahead and create a new stock.
OK so I can say stock.
Now what do I want.
Well I want to pass these in as the arguments.
So I'm going to have to unpack that because I can't pass a list if I pass a list to stock that I do
this.
I get an error because stock is expecting seven positional arguments and I've only essentially passed
with one which is a list.
That's not what I wanted.
So it needs one two three four five six seven sorry eight positional arguments.
It only received one.
So that's why it's saying that's missing 7.
So I need to unpack those values in order to pass them as individual arguments.
So if we do that we'll get our stuff created and I'm just going to reassign it to DJI.
And so now if we look at that we have exactly what we had before.
So we reverted back to that close.
So that's one way of doing it by using unpacking is unpacking how I would be careful.
You're getting a list back out of the unpacking.
So you have to make sure that when you append you append a number it's a mutable list.
Or you can do that.
Or you of course could concatenate to lose.
You can make a list out of your clothes and just concatenate that with a plus sign.
But what happens is that you're needlessly creating a new list.
What I mean by this is let's say I have a list is one to three.
OK.
Now the idea of a is this.
Now let me go and say A is equal to a plus for column of five.
So now is one two three four five.
What's the idea of a.
Well the idea of a has changed.
OK.
So by doing this concatenation I've created a new list and then assigned it back to A.
If I Take A equals one to three.
OK.
Now I can look at the idea of a again.
We have that.
And if I say a append and I can append a single value let's say for.
And you'll see that a now is 1 2 3 4.
But the idea has not changed.
It's the same with mutated that list.
So that's a little bit more efficient.
Right.
I mean we can also extend we could say 8. extend let's say were five six seven.
And now if I look at.
It's been extended with 5 6 7.
And the idea of a is still the same.
We still have the same memory address.
So append if you want a single value to append extend if you want to extend it with let's say of the
list that's going to be a little bit more efficient because we're not having to recreate a whole new
object anyways.
Side note the other way that we can do this instead of using the unpacking that we did here.
We could also use slicing.
So let's go ahead and let's just bring back what the Dow Jones is.
So this is the name Toppo and we want to go ahead and use a slice now to do this.
So I could say values equals.
Dow Jones Industrial will start at the beginning and we're going to stop but not include the last element
which is index 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7.
So we want to go up to but not including seventh.
So if we have that then values now is a top.
All right.
When we do slicing we get the same type back.
So it's a tough call.
In fact you can also look at the type of values it's a topple.
It can't be a named couple of type stuff because it doesn't have all the values in it.
So instead it's just going to be a plain top.
So we can have that and of course what we can do is we can take values and we can concatenates to that.
Now of course topples are immutable.
So this is going to create a new top.
We have no choice there and we're going to want to let's say I said it back to 100.
Now I want to spend a couple right.
I want to I want to concatenate two tables together I'm not pending I'm concatenating two tables together
so I'll get the result.
So now we can just say Dow Jones Industrial equals stock and we can take values.
Clauss 100 karma what we really don't have to do it this way.
Right.
We can certainly do that and then we have to unpack it so we can do that.
And we're back to what we had.
But the other way to do it is just to say.
Dow Jones Industrials equals stock.
And then we're going to unpack the values and then we're just going to add that say tens of thousand.
OK so we're still getting the same things.
We're getting 7 values out of this one and this will be the value.
So we'll have eight arguments that we're passing.
So you can do this concatenation force and then unpack.
That's kind of needless and useless and it doesn't really look very good.
Instead use the fact that we can unpack the values and then just add the a parameter that we need.
And so we get the same thing.
And now we get now arccos is a thousand.
But of course this really this these two methods don't work well if we want to change something in the
middle if we want to change mournful day we saw in the lecture it gets really complicated.
And I'm not going to delve into that there's no point because we have a much better way of doing this.
With what name topples provides us which is the underscore replace function.
It's a method it's an instance method.
And so we would use the instance so we use the instance.
Dow Jones Industrial I would say replace.
And here we can just give parameters.
And the keyword parameters with the name corresponding to the field in the name top all that we want
to modify.
Now of course we're not modifying anything.
So let me just show you again the ID of the Dow Jones Industrial is this.
Now we can say DJIA underscore replace.
So we'll set that equal to.
We'll set Dejah equal to that.
And what are we going to replace.
Well let's replace the year let's say people's 2019 let's say we want the open to be 10000 K and those
are the two we want to do.
So now we can go ahead and run this.
And you'll notice that now we've changed the year and the open and by the way this is probably this
wasn't the best idea for me to use open.
I should have used an open underscore but that's an argument name.
So that actually doesn't matter doesn't step over you know Python's open function but just still bad
practice.
But the thing is here that the ID of Dow Jones Industrial has change you can see here was two two to
four.
Here we have two three four four.
So again it looks like we're replacing values and we are.
But at the same time we're creating a new topple since couples are immutable.
The whole thing I want to show you is the underscore make function that method is a class method so
it works at the class level and instead of having to unpack the values like we did here we can actually
just pass it in iterable.
So if I take this example and that's why I wanted to show you that example is because we can do this
now we don't have to unpack this at all.
We can do it this way where we concatenate the values topple and this topple.
And now instead of calling stuff which we know won't work because it's expecting a arguments we can
call the underscore make method on the stock class and we'll take any iterable and basically do the
unpacking for us so we can do it this way.
And nonfood look at the DJIA we can see the clothes has been set back to a hundred.
So either way either you can use an iterable without unpacking in which case you call the underscore
make function or you unpack your arguments and you actually have eight arguments in this case and then
you can just call the class constructor itself up to you how you want to do it.
Personally I prefer this approach over here.
It's a lot cleaner than this where you just have you know a little bit of extra stuff you got that camera
you got the extra parentheses things like that.
So I personally prefer this.
But of course if you're doing those just to replace a value then just use this approach in this case.
If I want to change just the clothes I would say underscore replace clothes are equals 10000 for example.
And now my DJIA object has 10000 for the clothes.
So pretty straightforward.
So that's how we can modify a name top.
We essentially can just use the underscore replace.
That's the most efficient or the easiest way to do it.
The next thing I want to cover is how we can maybe extend a name top all by adding a few fields to the
end of that name top.
Let's say that we have a point to the.
So let's go back and let's create our points to D.
I think it actually exists already.
So we have the point to do.
So let's take a look at the fields and point to D.
Right.
We have the x and y fields.
Now we want to create a point 3D and you know the easiest way to do this is just to say name Tapazole
point 3D.
And then three fields x y and z.
OK that's the easiest way of doing it.
But I want to show you how we might do it by using the existing field names that aren't point to D and
just appending one more field and this will work better if we have a long name topple where we're going
to run into the same situation that we had when we were looking at the stock.
Right.
When we did the point and we created a new point instance using this technique it worked fine if you've
got you know a couple or three fields in the name table but once you start getting beyond that once
you start getting to like 7 or 8 like we are here then it's a lot more complicated to do the same thing.
There was a lot of typing.
So let's start with the point 3D just to keep it very simple.
Well we're going to start by actually looking at the underscore fields of point 2 d.
That's on top.
What do we want to do we just want to add one more item a field name called Z to this name top or so
that's pretty straightforward.
We can say point to the underscore fields plus.
And here I'm going to create a Toppo with Z.
So if we did that we would end up with a table with x y z.
So now I can just say point three The equals named Tottle.
It's going to be a point three-D that's going to be the name of the class.
And then here what I'm going to do is take point to the underscore fields that underscore fields close
that top.
So exactly what we just wrote there.
OK.
Cannot we do this.
Now we have off point three with the three fields that we wanted K with x y and z.
So that's how you could basically create or extend point to d by simply adding on extra fields.
So it's not a real extension but it's a it allows us to create a name topple based on another one without
having to recreate the world.
Because if we take our stock again let's take a look at stock.
Let's look at the fields.
If I wanted to create let's say an extended stock let's say stock X equals named Tupac stock X T.
And I just want to add the previous close to the end of this list here and then using that first technique
that we looked at.
I would have to actually type out everything your Monday open etc. right.
I would have.
And then I would have to add our previous close.
So I would have to do something like that which is a lot of typing.
Instead all we need to do is basically just take the existing stock under Scofield's plus and now we're
just going to add previous close to that top all that we're passing and so we're using topples a list
of strings basically a couple of strings to define the fields.
And now we get our extended stocks or look at stock 60 underscore fields you can see that we have previous
close now appended to the rest.
So it was a lot simpler doing it this way.
So that's how we can extend a name top or generated class.
Essentially we can add some extra stuff to it just essentially by using the previous on the Scofield's
property.
What about the values.
So now we have a point to deal.
So let's look at P-T which is a point to D and I want to create a 3D point but I want to use this point
to do as a base.
Well it's kind of simple because Petey is a top hole.
So what can I do.
Well I can say our point let's call it P-T 3D lower case equals point 3D.
Now what do I want to pass to it while I want to pass it.
Good point values.
But of course I need to unpack that it's a tuple I need to unpack them and then I'm going to pass that's
say 100 for the third component for the Z.
Right.
Because unpacking this point is going to give me what it's going to give me a hundred and twenty.
Remember point it's just a couple.
Yes it's a name topple But at its base it's still a topple.
So we can do that.
And now if we look at Point 3D we have that.
In fact we've got 120 from the original one and then this one was a 100 now I know that I'd be just
as easy writing point three-D you know dot X-Com Peetie dot y.
That's probably just as easy.
But again when you have more fields it's easier doing this method over here.
Let's look at the stock.
Let's look at our Dow Jones Industrial and let's say we want to create an extended version of that.
So we would just have to say that we're creating stock 60.
We're going to take the unpacked values from the Dow Jones Industrial to pull this one and we're just
going to add let's say a let's say close at a million the day before.
OK.
So now we have our name Tupac.
And you can see that previous closes that and then all the values basically carried over from the Dow
Jones industrial average variable that we had that was a regular stock class.
So that's how we can extend and modify named tuples both the class and the values themselves.
All right.
So thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.